# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirements.txt
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
authlib==1.3.0
    # via dwave-cloud-client
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
clarabel==0.8.1
    # via cvxpy
click==8.1.7
    # via dwave-cloud-client
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   pytest
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==42.0.7
    # via
    #   authlib
    #   pyspnego
    #   requests-ntlm
cvxpy==1.5.1
    # via pyportfolioopt
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
dill==0.3.8
    # via qiskit
dimod==0.12.14
    # via
    #   mqt-qao (pyproject.toml)
    #   dwave-networkx
    #   dwave-preprocessing
    #   dwave-samplers
    #   dwave-system
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via dwave-cloud-client
docplex==2.27.239
    # via
    #   mqt-qao (pyproject.toml)
    #   qiskit-optimization
dwave-cloud-client==0.11.4
    # via dwave-system
dwave-networkx==0.8.14
    # via
    #   dwave-system
    #   minorminer
dwave-preprocessing==0.6.5
    # via dwave-system
dwave-samplers==1.2.0
    # via
    #   mqt-qao (pyproject.toml)
    #   dwave-system
dwave-system==1.24.0
    # via mqt-qao (pyproject.toml)
ecos==2.0.13
    # via cvxpy
fasteners==0.19
    # via minorminer
fonttools==4.51.0
    # via matplotlib
homebase==1.0.1
    # via
    #   dwave-cloud-client
    #   dwave-system
    #   minorminer
idna==3.7
    # via requests
importlib-metadata==7.1.0
    # via dwave-cloud-client
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
joblib==1.4.2
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via werkzeug
matplotlib==3.9.0
    # via mqt-qao (pyproject.toml)
minorminer==0.2.13
    # via dwave-system
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
networkx==3.3
    # via
    #   dwave-networkx
    #   dwave-samplers
    #   minorminer
    #   qiskit-optimization
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   mqt-qao (pyproject.toml)
    #   clarabel
    #   contourpy
    #   cvxpy
    #   dimod
    #   dwave-networkx
    #   dwave-preprocessing
    #   dwave-samplers
    #   dwave-system
    #   ecos
    #   matplotlib
    #   minorminer
    #   osqp
    #   pandas
    #   pyportfolioopt
    #   qdldl
    #   qiskit
    #   qiskit-algorithms
    #   qiskit-ibm-provider
    #   qiskit-optimization
    #   qubovert
    #   rustworkx
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   scs
osqp==0.6.7
    # via cvxpy
packaging==24.0
    # via
    #   dwave-cloud-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   mqt-qao (pyproject.toml)
    #   pyportfolioopt
pbr==6.0.0
    # via stevedore
pillow==10.3.0
    # via matplotlib
plucky==0.4.3
    # via dwave-cloud-client
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.7.1
    # via dwave-cloud-client
pydantic-core==2.18.2
    # via pydantic
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
pyportfolioopt==1.5.5
    # via mqt-qao (pyproject.toml)
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
pyspnego==0.10.2
    # via requests-ntlm
pytest==8.2.1
    # via mqt-qao (pyproject.toml)
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   dwave-cloud-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   qiskit
    #   qiskit-ibm-provider
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
qdldl==0.1.7.post2
    # via osqp
qiskit==1.1.0
    # via
    #   mqt-qao (pyproject.toml)
    #   qiskit-algorithms
    #   qiskit-ibm-provider
    #   qiskit-optimization
qiskit-algorithms==0.3.0
    # via qiskit-optimization
qiskit-ibm-provider==0.11.0
    # via mqt-qao (pyproject.toml)
qiskit-optimization==0.6.1
    # via mqt-qao (pyproject.toml)
qubovert==1.2.5
    # via mqt-qao (pyproject.toml)
rectangle-packer==2.0.2
    # via minorminer
requests==2.32.2
    # via
    #   dwave-cloud-client
    #   qiskit-ibm-provider
    #   requests-ntlm
requests-ntlm==1.2.0
    # via qiskit-ibm-provider
rustworkx==0.14.2
    # via qiskit
scikit-learn==1.5.0
    # via mqt-qao (pyproject.toml)
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   clarabel
    #   cvxpy
    #   dwave-system
    #   ecos
    #   minorminer
    #   osqp
    #   pyportfolioopt
    #   qdldl
    #   qiskit
    #   qiskit-algorithms
    #   qiskit-optimization
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scs
scs==3.2.4.post1
    # via cvxpy
setuptools==70.0.0
    # via qiskit-optimization
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   docplex
    #   python-dateutil
sspilib==0.1.0
    # via pyspnego
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via qiskit
symengine==0.11.0
    # via qiskit
sympy==1.12
    # via
    #   mqt-qao (pyproject.toml)
    #   qiskit
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   dwave-cloud-client
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   qiskit
    #   qiskit-ibm-provider
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   dwave-cloud-client
    #   qiskit-ibm-provider
    #   requests
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via qiskit-ibm-provider
websockets==12.0
    # via qiskit-ibm-provider
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via dwave-cloud-client
zipp==3.18.2
    # via importlib-metadata
